Patch 392 (#414)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/ec2/open-mysql.md

| **Recommended Action** | Restrict TCP ports 4333 and 3306 to known IP addresses |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for EC2. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step2.png"/>
3. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Security Group" under "Network & Security".</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step3.png"/>
4. Select the "EC2 Security Group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step4.png"/>
5. Scroll down the bottom panel and choose "Inbound rules". Verify the value for "Source" column for "MYSQL/Aurora" under "Type" for ports "3306 or 4333" and if any rule have value set to "0.0.0.0/0" or "::/0 " then the selected "Security Group" has "TCP" port for "MySQL" open to the public.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step5.png"/>
6. Repeat steps number 2 - 5 to verify other "Security Groups" in the selected AWS region.</br> 

> 7. Navigate to "Security Groups" under "Network & Security" and select the "Security Group" that needs to modify to restrict the access of "TCP" port "3306 or 4333" for "MySQL"  to specific ip address. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step7.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Navigate to "Security Groups" under "Network & Security" and select the "Security Group" that needs to be modified to restrict the access of "TCP" port "3306 or 4333" for "MySQL"  to specific IP address. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step7.png"/>
```

8. Scroll down the page and select the "Inbound rules" and click on the "Edit inbound rules" button. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step8.png"/>
9. In the "Edit inbound rules" tab select either the "MyIP" or "Custom" from the "Source" column.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step9.png"/>
10. In the "Edit inbound rules" tab select the "MyIP" from the "Source" column to allow "MySQL" inbound traffic only from specific IP address.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step10.png"/>
11. In the "Edit inbound rules" tab select the "Custom" from the "Source" column as per the requirements for "MySQL" and specify static IP/Elastic IP address along with "Description" for the "Security Group" rule. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step11.png"/>
12. Click on the "Save rules" button to make the necessary changes. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-mysql/step12.png"/>
13. Repeat steps number 7 - 12 to restrict TCP port "3306 and 4333" for "MySQL" to known IP address.</br>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
